docs (Helm): Restructure Helm chart installation pages (#6672)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/self-managed/installation-methods/helm/install.md

---
id: install
sidebar_label: Install
title: Install Camunda with Helm
description: Install Camunda 8 Self-Managed on Kubernetes using Helm charts.
---

> This guide explains how to install Camunda 8 Self-Managed by installing the orchestration cluster and optionally the management cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide explains how to install Camunda 8 Self-Managed by installing the orchestration cluster and optionally the [other components](#enable-other-components).
```
